- Hey everybody, welcome to the live stream of Python Bytes.
So exciting.
- Hey Brian.
- Hey, good to be here today.
- So indeed, a day early,
so good that we had to show up a day early.
- Yeah, showing up early.
So people that show up in the stream,
thank you and people that watch it later,
thank you for that too.
And sharing for friends, sharing with friends.
So, all right, let's get started.
Hello and welcome to Python Bytes where we...
Let's start again.
Hello and welcome to Python Bytes
where we deliver Python news and headlines
directly to your earbuds.
This is episode 305 recorded October 10, 2022.
And I am Brian Okken.
- I'm Michael Kennedy.
- Well, we got a whole bunch of stuff that's great.
Before we also want to thank Microsoft for startups,
Founders Hub for sponsoring this episode.
We'll hear more about them later.
But do you want to start us off with some,
something exciting?
- Let's kick it off.
I have a theme this week, Brian.
- Okay.
- But before we get to it,
if my voice sounds a little bit scratchy,
I just want to apologize.
It's not that I'm sick.
It's that I was rocking out to the Scorpions last night.
They were here in Portland and,
even if they're 70, they still rock.
It was amazing.
I don't know how old they are,
but they probably are out there.
- I don't know.
Maybe being sick may have been a better excuse.
Yeah, maybe.
All right. I do have a theme, though, for the week,
and let's kick it off with that theme.
This first one, both of these are recommendations.
The first one came to us from Matt Kramer.
Thank you for that.
And Jeff Glass, remember last time I said they announced PyScript?
That is Python compiled to WebAssembly running on top of PyIodide
in the browser. It's amazing.
So many cool things and so much potential there.
I pointed out that that was released and there were some breaking changes,
and it was last minute that I got that, so I just threw it in as an extra.
But now I had a chance to look at it.
So there's a bunch of changes, and I just want to highlight
some of the things for people.
So they're using semantic versioning,
and I don't fully understand this.
I guess it's just like month-based.
So it's 2022.09.1.
That doesn't mean September 1st, that was released on September 30th,
so about 11 days ago, 10 days ago.
And they just reiterate this project is undergoing lots of changes,
it's in its super early stages.
The calendar versioning doesn't really indicate
that it's like 0.1 or whatever type of level,
but there's a lot of breaking changes.
If you've worked with it before,
you want to read through this and figure out where things are going.
It doesn't look like anything's majorly broken
and you've got to rewrite a ton of stuff,
but also there are parts that will stop working,
but they seem pretty easy to fix.
So, first of all,
like many Python programs,
you need to express your dependencies.
You would do that through a pyproject.toml or requirements.txt,
unless you're on the web or in the browser,
Nope, you don't do that.
Instead, what you would do is you'd use this
py-env section to express
I depend on these packages, either
just a URL to a wheel,
a Python wheel, or something that could be
pip installed using micro pip.
That's gone.
It's now deprecated and will be taken away.
So now that's folded into the
py-config section,
and there's a way to say packages are
a list of packages, and files that we're
using is a list of paths.
And it's in these kind of places where you indicate what Python files you might write
and import, because while you can write Python in HTML, just like JavaScript, you should
do that very sparingly, and you shouldn't just write your thousand lines of Python in
line.
That's not a great idea.
So you would link over to a set of Python files that you can run one of them and import
others from that.
All right.
So pyenv, going away, folded into pyconfig.
This is one of the things that's easy to fix, but like I said, will stop working.
We've also changed the syntax of some events.
So you might have seen people on HTML elements like a paragraph or a div or a button,
say mouse over equals in some JavaScript function name,
like a function call, either inline function or a function you've written.
In PyScript, there's a py-event.
So there's a pie dash mouse over in a pie dash click type of thing
And in here you can just write arbitrary python and unlike javascript
you can actually
Uh write arbitrary python separate multi-line python separated by semicolons. Look at that standing colons. They made it to python
You can write arbitrary python. It doesn't have to be a single function call
Pretty cool, right? It is pretty cool
Python's starting to turn into JavaScript
that is changing all the time.
>>Exactly.
Well, that's why the breaking changes.
No, just kidding.
That's a new project.
But don't let it become JavaScript.
But I'm very excited that maybe it could supplant JavaScript
to some degree.
There's some stuff about HTML escaping.
So you could do print a string, and that
will show up in the browser sometimes.
Or you can get it to go to the console.
But if you put, like, "1 < 2,"
and that shows up in the browser,
that might get interpreted as an opening bracket
instead of just a less than symbol.
So there's some fixes there, some stuff for logging.
The ability to run multiple runtimes.
When people usually do PyScript,
they point at just a CDN version of PyScript,
which points at a CDN version of PyIodide.
(clears throat)
Pyodide.
But you can, and easily can do,
you can like download that, customize it,
and put it in your static files and run it out of there.
You could possibly not even use Pyodide itself.
You could use, say, like MicroPython, potentially.
Or you could actually have maybe different versions
of Pyodide running in different sections of your site
if you wanted to different PyScript blocks,
presumably even on the same page.
So a lot of flexibility about managing multiple runtimes.
Let's see, a few other things.
There's also some major release of the Pyodide
that's coming along and because it's built on top of Pyodide,
it runs on top of Pyodide, PyScript does.
Obviously, the changes there are super important.
So some of the changes are that they broke...
It used to be kind of like one huge namespace
and they broke that up into a bunch of pieces,
I don't know about that.
But probably the most relevant for people
is you used to have to do this thing
where you would import from JavaScript some event
and do like a proxy type thing to like hook an event,
which wasn't terrible, but it was kind of like,
well, are you still doing Python?
I don't know.
(laughs)
Right, so they've written a bunch of event handlers
or event sources in pyodide ffi.wrappers.
So like add event listener, remove event listener,
SetTimeout, SetInterval, ClearInterval.
And so now you can just import, say, like,
addEventListener, have a function, Python function,
and then you just say addEventListener on a tag,
on an event, and here's your Python function.
That's awesome, right?
- That is awesome.
- Yeah, so they've added these event handler sources
that are straight Python and not interoperating
with JavaScript more directly.
There's a bunch of things behind the scenes
that will make it better, like, that we don't necessarily
that users care about, but like,
and scripting is getting better.
They've got a whole testing scheme.
You might be interested in this, Brian,
for your show.
They do integration tests with Pyright.
They do TypeScript tests,
'cause a lot of the interaction bits are in TypeScript.
They do that with Jest.
And then Python, the Python code gets tested with pytest.
That's an interesting mix, huh?
- Yeah, I guess just pointing out,
we said Pyright, it's PlayWrite, but.
I'm sorry, I'm too much on the pie right now.
Yes, you're right.
Thank you for keeping me up.
- Yeah, but I'll do a famous pull request on them
to try to get that pie test case all lowercase.
That'd be good.
- Yeah, I'm not even gonna use this project
until I get it fixed.
So some stuff on infrastructure,
there's new CI things that they're working on
to make it better.
They're using type annotations
and they're trying to synchronize type script
and PyScripts type annotations to kind of keep the end to end
across JavaScript, across Python, accurate, and a bunch of stuff that's coming.
In particular, a lot of rethinking how async works because
JavaScript is already like super asynchronous, but it just has one loop
and if you hook your async Python into that, then like, is it really
async? It's a little bit complicated. You can
check out what they said there.
But otherwise, very exciting stuff.
And if you're doing PyScript, definitely check this out
'cause it's going to affect you.
- Yeah, that's cool.
Well, let's give your voice a little bit of a break.
- Yeah, I mean, too much Rocky like a hurricane.
Stuff going on.
- Yeah.
Well, I wanna talk about decorators a little bit.
So I was actually on a, I sat in on a Boston,
the Python Boston meetup group.
They're still, it's kind of neat.
They're still doing online.
So it's not really Boston.
It's anybody can jump in and have fun there.
But we're talking about pytest
and the, and Ned Batchelder was there
and talking about coverage also.
And he was showing us some of the test code.
It was kind of, it was really fun.
Cause he was showing us some of the test code
within the coverage, the test code that tests coverage
And he was showing some things that,
and then about using a decorator shortcuts.
And then I was like, that's really cool.
I always forget to do that.
And so he wrote up this, I don't know if it's just for me,
but he wrote up a blog post called decorator shortcuts.
And especially, I mean, I guess for a lot of stuff,
we use decorators a lot in Python now.
And in pytest also uses a lot of decorators,
things like pytest mark parameterize
or pytest mark skip or X fail.
Those are all decorators built in part of pytest.
And so the thing he wanted to show us is like,
as an example, he's got some tests that have to,
that are either skipped or X failed
on certain Python versions.
So he's got a way to test a piece of code
that only works on say like it only,
it doesn't work on PyPy
or it doesn't work on like Python 3.8 or before
or something like that.
And so he has these fairly complex like version
like X fail decorator sequences that he can take
And instead of saying, and let's say he's actually filed,
maybe there's an issue.
He's actually filed an issue against PyPy for instance,
but his tests are still failing.
He had an example where instead of just this whole big
X fail blob with the environment,
checking the environment version and using,
having a reason and a link to the defect,
he just shortcutted that to just like a single variable name
or single name that says X fail,
PyPy 3749, for example, just a single thing.
And then, when you're using it,
instead of this whole big blob,
you can just write at X fail,
instead of saying like pytestMark X fail,
you can have this specific X fail
and then you get the reason print out and everything.
Now this example-- - That's pretty clever.
- Yeah, especially, I like it for this,
is there's, we were talking about how
we don't like to leave X-Fails in for a long time,
but sometimes you're dependent on a different piece
of software that you're not one of the maintainers,
in which case, what do you do with the failing test?
One of the things you can do is you can X-Fail it
and link it to a defect report,
so you can keep watch of it.
But yeah, having a way to just mark different tests
with the same thing, it's pretty cool.
And then this really kind of relates to really a lot
of things.
There's a lot of places where we use long,
long complex decorators that you can just assign
to a variable and then use it later.
So.
- Yeah, to put this decorator on a test function,
you have to have,
you specify a whole bunch of conditionals around the version
and then the reason is a big long string.
And if you, if that's affecting 10 tests,
you put that on 10 tests, it's all over the place.
You know, one of the things that,
you hear from people sometimes like,
"Well, I don't like unit testing
"because it's hard to maintain."
And I find that when people say that a lot,
they kind of go into this mode
where when they're writing test code,
they forget about things like trying to isolate,
change to one place,
and you would never write the same code 10 times
in a real part of your app.
Why should you write it 10 times duplicate in a test?
Right?
"Well, it's hard to maintain."
Well, it'd be hard to maintain
if you did that in your regular code too.
you don't do it there, so don't do it here.
And this is a cool technique to accomplish that, yeah.
- Yeah, definitely.
And this part of it isn't,
it's also great 'cause it's consistent.
It keeps, it'd be terrible if you were, you know,
referencing this issue in three different places,
but only sometimes including the link and, you know,
having some consistency is good.
- Absolutely.
- And there was some concerns,
Larry Hastings put up a concern
about possibly not doing this for code that generates
a single use object, like a iterator or something
like that.
But just don't do that.
But Larry has a workaround.
If you can do it a different way,
then you have something that acts like that.
>>I see.
Interesting.
There's a lot of turtles all the way down,
like decorations or functions that return functions.
And so what we do is wrap that in a function
to alleviate the capture, the closure.
Yeah, it's fun.
- But anyway.
So. - Cool.
Excellent stuff.
Yeah, next up.
- Yeah, we have a sponsor.
Our sponsor this week is Microsoft for Startups,
a founders hub.
So Microsoft for Startups founders hub
provides all founders at any stage with free resources
to help solve startup challenges.
The platform provides technology benefits,
access to expert guidance and skilled resources,
mentorship, networking connections, and a whole bunch more.
And unlike others in the industry,
Microsoft for Startup Founders Hubs
does not require the startup to be investor backed
or third-party validated
or able to relocate to San Francisco for a short time.
So Founders Hub is truly open to all.
So what do you get?
You get free access to GitHub and Microsoft cloud
with the ability to unlock credits over time.
They've also partnered with other companies like OpenAI
to provide services and discounts.
And Microsoft through the Microsoft for Startup Founders Hub
becoming a founder is no longer about who you know.
You'll have access to their mentorship network,
giving you access to a pool of hundreds of mentors
across a range of disciplines,
across areas like idea validation,
fundraising, management, coaching, sales, marketing,
maybe even testing, who knows?
You'll be able to book a one-on-one meeting
with the mentors, many of whom are former founders themselves.
So make your ideas a reality today
with the critical support you'll get
from Microsoft for Startups Founders Hub.
And to join or just check it out,
visit pythonbytes.fm/foundershub2022.
The link is in the show notes.
And I know you can find this stuff on your own
with Google or something,
But if you go through our link, it helps them know
you heard about them here.
So thanks.
- Yeah, thanks Microsoft for supporting the show.
Right before we move on,
audience feedback from Henry Scheiner.
For that exact example,
talking about pytest and decorators,
I'm not fond of making the test directory importable
unless I have to.
A mark might be better.
What do you think?
- A mark might be better?
I mean, there are marks.
So the marks are decorators.
- Yeah, okay, cool.
What is next?
Another continuation of my theme here.
So Mark Madsen sent over a recommendation
to talk about this,
unrelated to the previous announcement,
only in timing or origin.
So Panel, people probably have heard of HoloViz,
and Panel is related to that project.
It's an open source Python library.
Tell us you create custom interactive web apps
and dashboards by connecting widgets, plots, images.
So people have heard of Streamlit,
they've heard of H2O Wave,
they've heard of Plotly Dash.
It's like in that category, right?
So you can put together a lot of interactive fun pieces.
So for example, here, if you go to the main website panel,
you can see that there's like this graph.
As you hover over it, it's very interactive,
but you also have widgets to let you re-evaluate
how you compare all these things and just play with it live.
Kind of like it's a notebook, but it's not.
That's neat, right?
So traditionally, this has run in Jupyter Notebooks,
or you can run it on the Flask backend type of thing.
You can host it on your own server.
The news is not that. This has been around for a while.
The news is that Hanel now comes to Wasm via PyOd,
PyOd and has PyScript integration.
That's pretty awesome.
- That is pretty cool.
- So in order to host it before,
you have to either have a running notebook server
or you had to set up your own separate web server
and maintain that thing.
And all that goes with,
and now you can just put a little pi-config in there
and boom, when they interact with your data
and they run it, it just happens client side.
no servers needed.
So let's talk about some of the things here.
You can automatically convert panel applications
to a Pyodide version, couple flavors,
reasons I'll explain in a minute,
or you can convert to a PyScript based app,
which is pretty epic.
So like you could embed a panel
inside your Sphinx documentation,
just as HTML, which is pretty nuts.
So there's this convert command, panel space convert on the CLI.
And you can tell it the two formats from your regular panel code
to convert it to a Pyodide.
This one is good if you want to have a single HTML file
that you say, "Here's my HTML file."
Off it goes.
It's just newer dependencies, and then it runs there.
That's not as good as creating a Pyodide worker,
which creates a JavaScript and HTML file
that you got to serve over more of a server.
Or you can even output a PyScript version
where you can write additional PyScript code.
Pretty epic.
And here you can see a little example.
This looks like standard XGBoost SKlearn code right here.
It does all its thing.
Except for the end, you just say pn.column,
and here's your output right there.
and you put your little pipeline you created,
and maybe a head of a data frame to show up, and there it goes.
So in order to run this, you would say, "Panel convert the script
to a PyDi worker, output PyDi."
Then you just run a server locally so that you can get to it,
you can pull in the JavaScript, open it up,
and you get something that looks like this that's super interactive.
There you have machine learning in the browser.
That's it.
That's pretty cool.
The browser is JavaScript will take over the world.
It'll get smart and take off.
So a couple of cool tips and tricks they recommend
is you can do --auto-reload.
So if you make changes to the file,
it'll auto-reload the browser.
So just as you edit.
You can also add a panel.convert --watch.
So if the source file has changed,
it'll regenerate the script, and then the script
it'll get reloaded so you can chain those together, I believe.
Then there's a section on formats that actually describes
what is the point of the different outputs,
like PyDive versus PyDiveWorker.
So the Worker one, it says it generates an HTML file and JavaScript that runs better.
This is the most-- in a separate thread--
this is the most performant option, but it has to be running out of a server
instead of just a file.
Worth noting here, PyScript generates an HTML file leveraging PyScript,
produces standalone HTML files containing pyenv and pyscript tags
with the dependencies.
It's basically a PyScript for the pyodied one.
Well, guess what? This might need a little update coming soon.
Py-env is not there anymore, so they can check that out.
I'm sure they're on top of it.
Final thing to note here that's pretty dope is progressive web apps.
So this comes with a --pwa option,
which turns your--
I'm pretty sure this is going to require
the PowerDyedWorker variant,
because you need these worker things for progressive web apps.
But this means that you can install your app
into, say, an iPad, or install it like a desktop app
and run it with cached offline data.
So for example, let's see if I go to YouTube here.
I signed in.
No.
Good.
Like in Vivaldi, I can right click on this,
and it'll say Install YouTube there.
So if you did that option for your panel app,
you could right click and say Install Panel.
You might think, oh, well, that's silly.
Who cares about that?
Let's see.
Just let me do it though here.
Oh, this is live.
If you go to a lot of these--
I just need some video.
I'm really curious.
A lot of these, you can come in and actually click download.
I guess you got to be signed in.
But if you're a premium account, you can click Download.
And that's only possible for YouTube installed as a PWA.
Because I think a lot of people feel like, oh, it just
gives me an icon on my home page.
But there's actually different behaviors.
So you can get offline videos on the PWA YouTube,
whereas the web one, you can't.
And so on.
So anyway, that's the kind of benefits
you would get if you would do your panel with PWA, which
is just a command line option.
- Interesting.
- Cool. - Yeah.
Anyway, people check it out
if they're interested in building dashboards,
they're interested in PyScripts
and running in the browser using WebAssembly,
here's a pretty awesome option.
Thanks, Mark, for sitting with us.
- Yeah, thanks a lot.
Did you know that Python 3.11 is coming right up?
- It's gotta be soon.
It's October.
There's not that much October left.
- Yeah, but it was three eight
when we got the walrus operator.
Do you realize it's been that long?
- It seems like the walrus operator is still new,
but that's a long time, yeah.
- Yeah, so-
- So like an adolescent walrus now,
not even a baby walrus.
- Yeah, exactly.
So I think it's time for people to embrace the walrus.
And so one of the things you can do
is you can install Marco Garelli's AutoWalrus
and it'll convert your code for you
in places where you really should have used
the walrus operator.
So, and this is good for your support,
if you're supporting three and above
and golly, I hope you're already up to three nine
or three 10 by now.
So there's a, this is auto walrus.
I checked it out.
It's pretty, it's pretty simple.
It can run as a pre-commit hook too.
So that, which is nice,
but you can run it on the command line,
which that's what I did when I tried it.
You pip install auto-walrus.
So it's one word, but with a dash in the middle.
And then you have this application,
you can run it on a file.
And like we've said, you can run it
as a pre-commit hook as well,
and it'll run on everything, but you can,
and it just converts stuff.
So if you have things like,
here's a simple example of n equals 10.
And then if n is greater than three, do something.
And that converts,
the auto-walrus will convert that to the walrus operator
of if, you know, in colon equal 10 is greater than three.
So, and I kind of like this being separate from other tools
because some people just honestly haven't been,
haven't came on board with this already, you know,
embrace the walrus sort of thing,
but it's a fun way to just try it out on your code
and do a diff, get diff and see what it changed.
And maybe you like it.
Maybe it's a thing to do as a,
as a, like a group code review thing to just talk to you
and find out if you want to change it this way or not.
- Yeah.
- And then this reminded me of something.
I'm like, we had, we had something like this before, right?
And back in episode 82, wow.
That was in 2018.
we talked about Anthony Sotile's PyUpgrade.
So, and that's, it's been a while.
So it's, that's like four years ago.
So I went and took a look again
and I would like people to try to check out PyUpgrade too,
because there's a whole, it's moved on.
So it's not just, we recommended PyUpgrade
for things like if you're upgrading to,
from two to three sort of thing.
- Was that back in the controversial legacy Python days?
- Yeah, so there's, and there's always times to go
and revisit old scripts and old applications
that you're still maintaining and going,
well, we don't really want to support the old Python,
but our code serve looks like the old Python.
So let's take a look at some of this stuff.
And it'll do things like, you know, the set literal,
some of the old, some of the old things of,
and doing comprehensions for you and better,
couple of inches are cleaner looking.
And then, but there's also like different print styles.
But one of the things I wanted to point out is
if you go to the read me, you gotta scroll all the way down
or at least halfway down and you get things
like the three, six plus.
So there's these plus options.
So you can say if you're running three, six or above
run that, but you also wanna do like,
let's just go all the way down to like three, seven plus.
And there was a kind of a new way to run sub process
for instance, but you're, I mean,
and it just finds some of these things
and just changes it for you.
So it's kind of cool.
And some of the things you may not have remembered,
the three in 3.8 plus the LRU cache,
you used to have to do the LRU cache
and call it as a function for your decorator,
but now you don't have to do the prins.
So just some cleanup like that.
It's just nice.
I try to run this every once in a while.
And I guess public service announcement
for this cool little project.
- That is a cool project.
And going through this huge long readme
and looking at like as it gets later and later
Python versions, it's kind of like a,
here are just a bunch of examples
of how Python has changed over the last few years.
- Yeah.
Ooh, neat.
It has like 604 type rewrites.
It'll rewrite union, the union operator
to the bar operator.
That's in 310 plus.
That's nice.
- Yeah.
Well, we got 311 plus coming soon.
- Yeah, yeah, that'll be fun.
- Awesome.
Well, that's all right, I was right.
Got any extras?
- You know, I was gonna have an extra,
but I'm gonna save that for later.
So no, I don't.
Do you have any extras?
- No extras, but I have a joke.
I do a quick follow-up to this though.
This is a hint of what's coming next week.
I'm gonna talk, I think it's next week
I don't want to cover this.
Refurb, have you seen Refurb?
>> I don't think so.
>> Refurb is a similar one that we'll go through
and give you recommendations of here's the most modern way
to do your thing.
So like if you said, if value is in bracket X, Y, Z,
it's like that's a little less efficient
than why make a mutable list,
then you could make it a tuple.
It's a little more efficient just to create the tuple.
>> Nice.
>> If value is in parenthesis,
it'll suggest you change the parenthesis
or suggest using some path operations
instead of with open operations.
Like instead of a context manager with open,
do a bunch of stuff, you can just do path of thing.retext.
You don't need to do the context manager,
just bam, there it is.
A bunch of cool stuff like that.
So anyway, one more, and then also Flint.
I've talked about Flint, but I love Flint.
Super straightforward, it brings one of the most beloved
things you can do for upgrading your Python
is convert all your variations of string formatting
to fstrings just across a whole directory of Python file.
- Cool.
- A lot of different things to be running together,
but are you ready for our joke?
- I am.
- You had the comment about bring back the walrus,
or I feel like that could be a cool t-shirt, right?
- Yeah.
- Yeah, absolutely.
So I came across this place a little while ago.
I don't have any particular one to recommend here,
but this place that has like funny, geeky T-shirts.
So I thought I'd just pull a couple of these up
and see what you think about them.
So some of them-
- I like the first one, the Mordor.
- The Mordor fun run,
one does not simply walk in the middle earth.
You have some of our data science friends out there.
It has a graph of two things that are very similar.
One is shark attacks.
The other is ice cream cone sails,
and it says correlation does not imply causation.
Apparently, ice cream sails and shark attacks
are closely correlated,
'cause it's warm, you go in the water.
It probably doesn't cause shark attacks.
- It might.
If you are more into math,
you have the distance raptor divided by time raptor
is the velocity raptor.
But there's some really good programming ones in here.
as well, like this one, for example, check this out.
Go outside, the graphics are amazing.
And the picture of the shirt is like a super low bit rate,
like graphics.
(laughing)
Here's a good one.
Some lab person pouring like beakers
of clearly poisonous green stuff.
And says, forget lab safety, I want superpowers.
Oh boy, what about the, what do you think of this one,
Brian here, the forecast for Alderaan?
(laughing)
So remember Alderaan is the home of Princess Leia
that was blown up by the Death Star in Star Wars.
And it says, "Five day forecast, Alderaan,
"Monday, 72 and cloudy.
"Tuesday, 74.
"Wednesday, 15,000 degrees.
"No Thursday or Friday."
(laughing)
Kind of mean, but it's also kind of awesome.
- Yeah.
- Yeah, this made me feel like one more,
one more programming one.
Oh yeah, let's see.
Here's some good ones.
One has a floppy disk.
It says, "Kids today have no idea what this is."
And then this one here, Brian, this is the last one.
It's somebody holding a CD going into a drive
and it just says, "Never forget."
Never forget the CDs.
- Yeah, CD drive.
- I still love that old joke of a person calls into IT,
help desk and says, I need some help
because my cup holder's broken.
- Yeah, just went in and spilled his drink all over me.
Come on, man.
You guys gotta get this thing fixed.
Yeah, so you could spend a lot of time on this page.
I'm not necessarily suggesting you get a shirt here
or anything, but it's pretty awesome.
- What makes me miss ThinkGeek?
- I think he should have never folded,
but we have other people coming up with good,
humorous shirts, so that's good.
- Yeah, Houston, we have dibs,
putting the flag on the moon.
(all laughing)
- Dibs on the moon.
- Got it.
So a more serious, a couple quick follow up here.
Marco Garelli, from the project that you talked about,
the auto-auth says, yeah, I love PI upgrade.
And Will McGoogan, hey guys,
we could use the PI upgrade
because Rich is dropping the support for 3.6.
So just clean it up.
- Yeah.
And then I want to follow up with the first thing
I was talking about, about the decorators.
So Henry Schrader said,
oh, I think I got the wrong one.
But for that exact example,
I'm not fond of making the test directory importable
unless I have to, a mark might be better.
And I guess I brushed that off too quickly.
I think, I still am not sure how I would use this.
If I were to put a bunch of these,
like if I had a project wide decorators
that I wanted to use,
I don't know what the best way to do that would be.
It might be a non-test file that I would import.
I'll have to play with it.
So thanks for Henry for bringing that up.
I'm not quite sure how to deal with that problem.
So, cool.
- Indeed.
- All right, well, should we call it a week?
- Let's call it.
- All right, thanks everybody for showing up.
We'll talk to you next week.
- Bye everyone.
[BLANK_AUDIO]